Job -Technology Development Program Entry level –
TDP provides opportunities to work across industry and geography, builds technical skills in high demand areas, leverages market trends, business processes, and digital landscapes to educate analysts in serving clients.

What You Could Do
Create and deliver platform and custom-designed solutions for world class clients.
Build new business models via application management and implementation services.
Co-create proof of concept for new or emerging technologies with our clients.
Utilize programming skills to design and build client applications to drive and accelerate business impact.
Discover vulnerabilities or security flaws to help our clients protect their information, applications and business processes against cyber threats.
What We’re Looking For
Experience with programming languages (ex. Java, Python, Ruby, etc.), modern frameworks (ex. Anjular.js, Node.js, etc.) and/or lifecycle data management, supply chain, finance, etc.
Exposure to programming-related projects in Web Design, Game design and/or Mobile Application Design
Interest in new emerging technologies, cloud, security, silicon and leading business application packages
Ability to demonstrate strong work ethic, solid technical aptitude, excellent communication skills, leadership, attention to detail and experience working on a team
A Bachelor’s degree in any major with a minimum overall GPA of 2.8 out of 4.0
Due to COVID-19, if your school is no longer providing letter grades or a GPA, you should still apply if you meet all other basic qualifications of the role.

To prepare for my interview for this job , my plan is get refreshers on the listed coding languages above , more importantly Data structures and algorithms .There is a website called algo expert where they train students from college and all over the world to interview at top companies like google, Accenture, Spotify , Facebook etc.
Plan:
•	Take as many Udemy courses on topics such as python, java, data structures, and project management.
•	Coursera has great learning resources to get started and they also provide you with certifications at the end of the course to showcase your skills, which you then can upload in LinkedIn for more exposure.
•	Practice on leetcode , leetcode has great coding interview questions, they are very helpful to do before a technical interview.
•	Finally make multiple resumes and cover letters, cold call/email recruiters for new openings, Message LinkedIn recruiters directly.
•	LinkedIn has great features where you can filter through and by according to your search desires which can involve filtering through college alumni to find potential referrals, Referrals can help you stand out , they can also tell you more about the position your applying for since they already work for the company, which is great because you can know more about the position and what one has to do before the interview.  
•	Lastly would be to do a mock interview before going into to the actual interview which can release some of the stress and nervousness .

